Update MNCNH neonatal model and all submodels (#1574)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/causes/neonatal/neonatal_sepsis.rst

      - Definition
      - Value or source
      - Note
    * - :math:`\text{CSMR}`

>       - cause-specific mortality rate of preterm birth complications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - cause-specific mortality rate of neonatal sepsis and other neonatal infections
```
